https://staffspace.canterbury.ac.uk/ce0226li_webrecruitment/wrd/run/ETREC115GF?USESSION=7B4D8AD3399C33EADAB3D1BE25B777BB&WVID=902714Bjox&LANG=USA


Careers Coach
location_on
Canterbury
25/09/2025
Careers Coach 
Apply online
The job requirements are detailed below. Where applicable the skills, qualifications and memberships required for this job have also been included.

Job details
Salary
£28,381- £30,805 per annum
Contractual hours
37
Basis
Full time
Job category/type
Other
Date posted
11/09/2025
Job reference
REQ05808
Attachments
attachment
REQ05808- Careers Coach Job Description.pdf
Job description
Please note a full application including a covering letter detailing your experience alongside a CV is required for applications to be considered.  Please be advised applications made without providing a cover letter will not be accepted.


Join our award-winning team as a Careers Coach.


Are you passionate about helping students and graduates take confident steps towards their future careers? We are looking for a dynamic and motivated Careers Coach to join our Graduate Futures department at Canterbury Christ Church University.


As a Careers Coach, you will work intensively with final-year students and recent graduates to support their progression into graduate-level employment, further study, or self-employment. You will be confident coaching students, delivering employability workshops, organising employability events, and providing practical advice around applications, CVs, and career planning. You will have excellent organisation skills and a strong customer focus to maintain a welcoming and supportive career service to help equip our students with the tools and confidence they need to succeed.


You will be degree qualified (or equivalent) with relevant experience in coaching and working with students. You must be able to demonstrate experience of successfully helping students secure graduate-level employment and delivering a variety or skills-based workshops and sessions. Knowledge of the graduate labour market and strong communication and delivery skills are essential requirements. Experience of providing careers information, advice and guidance would also be an advantage.


How will you work?


We are committed to supporting flexible methods of working wherever possible and this role is Flexible and connected (Academic & Student Facing) Campus attendance will vary on a day-to-day basis and across the year but must purposefully align to the service being delivered and to the needs of our students, staff, and stakeholders. It is expected that the majority of your working time will be spent on campus.


How to apply


Start date for applications:                  11th September 2025
Closing date for applications:             25th September 2025
Interviews are to be held:                    W/C 6th October 2025


If you require further information regarding the post please feel free to contact Meg Devine, 01227 925925, meg.devine@canterbury.ac.uk (strictly no agencies, thank you) quoting reference number REQ05808.


Additional Information


Canterbury Christ Church University truly welcomes fresh perspectives and new voices. We want you to bring the real you to work, so we are committed to building a genuinely inclusive working environment where everyone is welcomed and where everyone can have a true sense of belonging. Our spirit of community will help us to eliminate discrimination and will enable us all to thrive in a culture that is underpinned by fairness and justice. We therefore seek people to join us who will proactively support and shape this aim and contribute in their own unique way. If this is you, then we are waiting to hear from you. #yourCCCU


Our University is deeply committed to shaping sustainable futures as a key part of its mission and values. If you share this passion, we encourage you to join us in making CCCU a more socially and environmentally conscious, sustainable place to study and work


Employment Visa Clarification: According to the UK Government Points Based System, this position does not fulfil the requirements for sponsorship under the Skilled Worker Route application.


Please ensure you include contact details of two employment referees in your application, one of which must be your current/ most recent line manager.


Please note applications must be made online via the University website; details sent directly via email cannot be considered.


Prior consideration will be given to applicants in the University’s redeployment pool. No agencies, thank you.


For more information about this role, please view the job description via the attachments link above.