Your Application
Page 1 of 2


Personal Details
Title

Dr
Forename
Olasunkanmi
Forename 2
Forename 3
Surname
Arowolo
Preferred name
Email address
oa@olaarowolo.com
Contact type

Please select
Contact detail
 	 	Contact type	Contact detail
more_vert		Personal E-mail Address	olasunkanmiarowolo@gmail.com

Equal Opportunities
Canterbury Christ Church University is committed to equality of opportunity for all and to this end we aim to ensure that no applicant is unfairly discriminated against. We would therefore be grateful for your co-operation in completing this equality data form. The data you provide will be used exclusively for anonymous statistical monitoring purposes and for statistical returns made to the Higher Educational Statistical Agency.

Sexual orientation

Heterosexual
Religion

Christian
Ethnic origin

Black - African or African British
Nationality

Nigeria
Sexual identification

Please select
Does your gender identity match your sex as registered at birth?

Yes
Gender

Male

CV and Supporting Statement
Please upload a Curriculum Vitae and a Covering Letter/Supporting Statement.

* Click the "Upload File" below to upload your Curriculum Vitae from your computer.
* The Page will refresh and upon scrolling back to this section you should see your document listed under the "Upload File" button.
* Click the "Upload File" button again to attach your Covering Letter/Supporting Statement

Please note, your application will be automatically rejected if both documents are not included.

Please use Word compatible or PDF files when uploading your documents.

If you have any difficulties in uploading these documents, please contact: hr.recruitment@canterbury.ac.uk.



Current Salary
Please specify your current hourly or annual salary, only using numerical values in the salary field e.g. 200000

Kindly be advised any information provided will be confidential and will not be disclosed to recruiting manager or interview panel.

Current salary value

Current Notice Period
Please provide details of your current notice period.

Should you not have a notice period, please add '0' in the notice period value field and select 'day(s)' from the notice period unit drop down box.

Notice period value
Notice period unit

Please select

Disability
Under the Equality Act 2010, a person is considered to have a disability 'if they have a physical or mental impairment, and the impairment has a substantial and long-term adverse effect on his or her ability to carry out normal day-to-day activities'. Please be advised any information provided will be confidential and will not be disclosed to recruiting manager or interview panel.

Please indicate below if you consider yourself to have such a disability.

*If you would like to note more than one disability, please select "Two or More impairments and/or disabling medical conditions" and input any details you wish to divulge in the description box.

Disability description
Disability

Please select

Disability Confident
The University is a Disability Confident employer and welcomes interest from disabled applicants. Under our Interview Guarantee Scheme we guarantee an interview to disabled applicants meeting all the essential criteria of a role.

https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/disability-confident-campaign

Do you wish to be considered under the Disability Confident scheme?


Criminal Convictions
Applicants for all posts at the University are required to disclose previous unspent convictions. If you are applying for an 'excluded' post, you are required to disclose all previous convictions, whether spent or unspent (other than protected cautions or protected convictions which do not need to be disclosed).

For further information please visit https://www.gov.uk/tell-employer-or-college-about-criminal-record/check-your-conviction-caution

Do you have any previous criminal convictions?

Please select
If you have answered yes to the previous question please provide details below

British Armed Forces Veterans
As part of Canterbury Christ Church University's commitment to the British Armed Forces Covenant and to ensure that ex-armed forces personnel are not disadvantaged as a result of their service, veterans applying for a job at the University will be guaranteed the offer of an interview provided that they meet the essential criteria for the advertised role and are able to answer one of the questions below.

Do you consider yourself to be a veteran of the British Armed Forces (BAF)?

Are you currently serving in the BAF and within 12 weeks of discharge date?

Were you in long-term employment in the BAF within the last 5 years?


Care Leaver Covenant
As an Equal Opportunities employer, the University has made a commitment to the Government initiated Care Leaver Covenant, and we aim to ensure a 'Robust Employment Offer' to Care Experienced young people aged between 16-25 in their transition from care to independence. We support the access of meaningful opportunities by ensuring that candidates applying for a job at the University will be guaranteed an offer of an interview provided that they meet the essential criteria for the advertised role and are able to tick the option below.

About the CLC: https://mycovenant.org.uk/opportunities/canterbury-christ-church-university/

Were you under the care of a Local Authority before the age of 18?


Right to Work in the UK
What right do you have to work in the UK and in the role being advertised?

Please select
If you have selected 'Other' please provide details
Current Visa Type
Expiry date (dd/mm/yyyy)
date_range
If you are a student visa holder, please complete the remaining questions in this section:
Current visa holder?

Hours permitted to work per week (during term time)
Do you have any employment elsewhere?

Please detail your additional employment.
How many hours per week are you contracted for at your additional employment?

Additional Information
Where did you hear about this vacancy?

Please select
What would be your preferred working arrangement?

Please select
What would be your preferred working week?

Please select
