Section Editor needed for

Cogent Psychology
Deadline
07 November 2025
About the role
Cogent Psychology is recruiting for two Section Editor roles. We are looking for one Editor to oversee the 'Personality & Individual Differences' section, and one Editor to oversee the 'Social Psychology' section.

This role is a great opportunity for an academic with a strong research background in personality and/or social psychology, and who also has the commitment, drive and ability to help develop the journal. As part of this role, you will be responsible for the oversight and administration of a rigorous and proper peer review process that delivers an agreed amount of content of suitable scope and quality within an agreed publication timeframe.

Becoming the editor of a journal is a rewarding and fulfilling experience where you have the opportunity to build your own networks, develop and promote the research in your field, and be recognized as a leading figure within the academic community.

About the Journal

Cogent Psychology is a pioneering and dynamic, Open Access journal for the psychology community, publishing original research, reviews and replications that span the full spectrum of psychological inquiry. Led by Professor Daryl O’Connor, across each of the dedicated sections, the journal’s editorial team aim to promote exciting, innovative and robust psychological science, and to work with authors to publish their research to the broadest possible audience.

Key Skills and Attributes
Ready to apply? Here are the skills and attributes we are looking for in a successful applicant:

The capacity to devote time each year to the role, and to attend Editorial Board meetings and training sessions as needed.
A commitment to engaging promptly and efficiently with Taylor & Francis staff and suppliers to implement necessary processes and improvements.
The ability to ensure all submitted manuscripts are considered in a prompt, consistent and professional manner.
A strong commitment to ethical rigour as well as knowledge of the COPE guidelines and commitment to ensure that the journal adheres to strict ethical standards at all times.
A proven track record as an established or emerging key opinion leader and known figure within your academic discipline.
Actively involved in growing and developing your academic networks through conference attendance and experience of networking through social media.
A vision and enthusiasm for the continuous development of the journal.
Application instructions
A Role Profile for Section Editor is available on request.

Applications should include your CV and cover letter. Your cover letter should be no longer than 1 page and may include:

Where you believe the field is going, and the journal’s place within it
How you would work in partnership with the Editor in Chief and Section Editors
How you would maintain and increase the quality of submissions
How you would work with authors.
Please email the journal's Editor-in-Chief, Daryl O'Connor (D.B.OConnor@leeds.ac.uk) with any questions.