Job: IRC2327009	
		


Location
Blackfriars, GB
Department Name
CN Southern Communications (113780) G1
About Network Rail




About Network Rail…

🌟 Join Network Rail - Where People and Connections Matter! 🌟

Are you ready to make a difference in people's lives? At Network Rail, we connect passengers and freight customers, ensuring safe and efficient transportation across the country.  Click here to learn more.

We're dedicated to building a diverse and inclusive organisation that reflects the passengers we serve. To achieve this, we're committed to becoming an open, diverse, and inclusive workplace, leveraging the skills and expertise of our talented workforce. Together, we strive to create a safe and accessible railway for everyone. We’re an organisation where people matter. We matter to millions.

 

Investing in our people is key to enhancing the safety, reliability, and efficiency of our railway system. If you're passionate about making a meaningful impact, then this opportunity is for you!

Brief Description


Are you an outstanding storyteller with a passion for bringing ideas to life on screen?

We're looking for an exceptional visual communicator to join Network Rail's Southern Region Internal Communications team.



You'll be at the heart of delivering high-impact video content to over 8,000 colleagues, helping shape how we connect, inform, and inspire colleagues. 



What will you be doing?

Your key focus will be helping to produce our flagship monthly 20-minute magazine show, "Team Talk" - a vital tool that showcases the people, projects, and progress driving our railway forward.  You'll also create a range of video content to support wider internal comms and empower colleagues to elevate their own digital storytelling.  

The role reports to the Senior Film Manager and is part of the wider internal-comms team based at our central London offices. You'll need to be in the office for a minimum of three days a week or out filming at one of our locations across the Southern Region Railway System - from Margate to Weymouth (often more to meet production requirements).

Safe behaviour is a requirement of working for Network Rail.  Applicants should be able to demonstrate their awareness of our safety vision

About the role (External)
What essential skills and experiences are required?

We need a motivated self-starter who is:

Educated to degree level, or similar relevant qualification or professional experience
Editorially minded - with a journalistic curiosity and drive to research and script factual narratives
Attentive to detail, with good time management and organisational skills
Visually creative with proven ability planning and shooting high quality video
Technically skilled using professional camera and audio kit
Experienced at coaching spokespeople to perform at their best
Proficient editing video in Adobe Premiere

Knowledge of apps such as After Effects or Canva for creating infographics or animations is desirable but not essential.

This is a great opportunity for an all-rounder, possibly from a broadcasting background who thrives in a fast-paced environment.  It's your chance to make a meaningful impact and inspire thousands of colleagues.
How to Apply (External)
Band 4B £35,582 - £42,218pa + £3,270pa Inner London Allowance

Type: Permanent Full-time 35 hours

Location: London Puddle Dock, Blackfriars  

Closing date: Sunday 7 September 23:59.  Late applications will not be accepted.  



We anticipate a high volume of applicants and may adjust the closing date so please apply early, ensuring your application clearly demonstrates how your skills and experience match the requirements.  If you're selected for interview we will ask you to make a short video, as an example of your work. 



Been referred by a friend, then please complete this form

 

We’re an organisation where people matter. We matter to millions.

 

We offer excellent benefits, including:

🌞 Generous annual leave (28 days plus statutory days), with the option to buy/sell days.

✨ Public sector boosted pension scheme.

🚂 75% subsidy on rail and underground season tickets.

🚂 Up to 75% off leisure travel for you, your partner and dependants.

 🎟️ Interest-free travel loan for train and car park season tickets.

🎁 Discounts at stations with your Network Rail pass.

🌍 Flexible/hybrid working arrangements.

🕊️ Volunteer leave to make a positive impact.

❤ Private Healthcare.

❤ Healthcare Scheme, GymPass discounts, Cycle to work plus more.

🧸 We offer generous maternity, paternity, and adoption leave to support our employees during significant life moments


🧸 Annual performance based bonus

Plus more….To find out more about what benefits we offer, click here 

We are proud to be recognised as a Times Top 50 Employer for Gender Equality for the third year in a row.

Network Rail welcomes applications regardless of age, disability, marital status (including civil partnerships), pregnancy or maternity, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, transgender status, sex (or gender), employment status, trade union affiliation, or other irrelevant factors.  We will interview all disabled applicants who meet the essential criteria. 



At Network Rail, we have a number of employee networks to reflect our diverse population and help to raise issues to the wider workforce and support their membership and support our Everyone Matters strategy, led by our central Diversity & Inclusion team.  We have Diversity & Inclusion Champions who take part and lead on many activities, to drive through more initiatives to support an inclusive environment for all its people and promote a professional and positive working environment.  For more information on Diversity & Inclusion at Network Rail please follow this link

Do you consider yourself to have a protected characteristic?  If so and you require any additional support with your application, please do not hesitate to contact RecruitmentSupport@networkrail.co.uk who will happily assist.  You can also visit Evenbreaks Career Hive for advice on accessibility support if you're unsure of the options available.  Should you require any reasonable adjustments/modifications, please click the appropriate boxes when submitting your application.

Some of our roles require face to face Drug & Alcohol testing.  Further details will be shared with you as part of your formal offer

Network Rail adheres to pre-employment Baseline Personal Security (BPSS), this is government standard for pre-employment vetting.  All offers of employment are conditional upon satisfactory completion of pre-employment checks. Click here for more information



#LI-DB1

Maximum Salary
42218
Currency
GBP
Amount of Travel
Work At Home