Olasunkanmi AROWOLO
olaarowolo.com oamediakraft@gmail.com
Chatham, Kent, United Kingdom
+44 (0)7487 397751
Professional profile
An enthusiastic and skilled graphic designer who delights in the development process while managing
an effective group. Quick to grasp on new thoughts and ideas, and quick to generate original and creative
solutions to problems. Ability to work independently and achieve results, displaying the high level of drive
needed to reach the tightest deadline. Capacity to multitask and finish tasks under pressure.
Objective
I am currently looking for a new and challenging position that will allow me to utilise my existing skills
and experiences to the fullest and offer the chance for increased responsibility and professional
advancement. In this regard, my main objective is to improve my journalism teaching and research skills
in order to have a greater academic impact and to aid in the growth and advancement of the academic
community.
Key technical skills
• Adobe Photoshop
• Adobe InDesign
• Adobe Illustrator
• Adobe Lightroom
• Adobe Acrobat
• Adobe Premiere Pro
• Figma
• CorelDraw Suite
• Typography
• Final cut
• Microsoft PowerPoint
• OBS
Career summary
2018-present Director, OA MediaKraft
Responsibilities: Founded and built the company from the ground up. I have since
attracted the business to both corporate organisation to and private customers. I
conceptualised and developed her identities as well as the brand. The company is
registered in both England, United Kingdom, and Nigeria.
July 2016 - 2019 Newsletter Content Creator/Graphics Design Consultant (contract),
Academic Staff Cooperative, Lagos State University, Ojo.
Responsibilities: Led the team to establish the first newsletter. Guided the process for
public relations material and content developments on ASCOOP activities. The output
was published and circulated in digital and prints formats. All technical duties,
including layout and design, content editing, digital generation, and hardcopy printing,
were crucial components of this function.
2012- 2015 Book Layout planning/Graphic Editor, Griot Publishers
Responsibilities: Designed original journal layout and see to all print production activities.
Worked on designing covers and inside designs
2012- 2013 Page Planner/Graphic Editor, Ehingbeti Media, Publisher of Eko Akete News
Responsibilities: Conceptualised and designed the weekly community newspaper layout
and prepare the artwork for press production.
2013- 2021 Graphic Editor/Consultant, LASUGONG Newspaper & LASU Quill
Responsibilities: Designed entire issues (32+) using Adobe InDesign, CorelDraw, and
Photoshop. Led the 2018 team to surpass record by creating a new brand for both
LASUGONG and Quill publications. The brands attracted thousands more sales and the
publication were relaunched as the University flagbearer publication. On the same feat,
the brand attracted external funding support for expansion.
CV | Olasunkanmi Arowolo
Selected portfolios
Academic Journals
▪ Communication Cultures in Africa – published by Winchester University Press, United Kingdom
▪ Media & Communication Review – published by Lagos State University, Nigeria
Books
▪ Taking Stock: Nigerian Media and National Challenges (excluding cover design)
▪ Advertising in the post digital era: the profession, business, and development imperative for
Nigeria – published by Advertising Practitioners Council of Nigeria
Book of Abstracts
▪ Association of Media and Communication Researchers of Nigeria (AMCRON)

Volunteering
2017 – date Business Manager, Media, and Communication Review: Journal of the School
of Communication, Lagos State University, Ojo, Lagos, Nigeria.
2012 – 2013 Chairman, Editorial Board/Vice President (Editorial), Association of Campus
Journalist, Lagos State University Chapter (ACJ-LASU)
’15 – Oct. ’15 Provost, NYSC Media CDS Group, Irewole Local Government, Ikire, Osun State
Oct. ’15 – Nov. ‘15 Acting President, NYSC Media CDS Group, Irewole Local Government, Ikire,
Osun State.
Nov. ’15 – April ‘16 President, NYSC Media CDS Group, Irewole Local Government, Ikire, Osun
State
Education and qualifications
2021 – 2025 PhD in Journalism, Centre for Journalism, National Social Investment
Programme: the role of the press and Twittersphere in Nigeria, University of
Kent, England.
2019 Master of Science, Communication Studies, School of Communication, Lagos
State University, Nigeria.
2015 B.Sc. (Honours) Mass Communication, School of Communication, Lagos State
University, Nigeria.
Trainings
May 17, 2020 Social Media Marketing & Digital Marketing [facilitated by Udemy]
May 26, 2020 Logo Design – Design a Logo in Photoshop for beginners

Professional development
June 25–27, 2014 The African Outdoor Advertising Conference and Exhibition, The Business of
Outdoor Advertising in Africa: “Challenges and Opportunities”
Personal details
Driving Licence: Temp. (+Intl)/Clean
Health: Excellent; non-smoker
Interests and activities
Currently include Filming, Photography, Writing, Board Games, Cycling, Running, Gym Training,
Live Streaming
References
Available on request
Mini-Book
▪ The courageous life
Newsletter
▪ FOS Newsletter
▪ ASCOOP
Magazine
▪ LASU Quill
Newspaper
▪ LASUGONG